what is your day to day activity,what is your team size,or you are an individual conflictor,
my name is mahesh i have completed my graduation in2019 june, 
after that i joined  in a zenzar technologies as a junior,data analyst 
up to 6 months i took trining,after that i entered into real time work, 
and i hove knowledge in power bi,sql, i have been part of many end to end reports
currently my client is yale new heaven hospital in USA, it is one of the largest hospital in world
it recives medical reiumbersiment through various insurance companies
this report is used by enduser as well as senior management of my company
1)what is power bi?
power bi is a data analtics tool whici is provided by microsoft,with it we can analyize the data and create 
different attractive and interactive viziualization charts, reports to the clint or enduser..
2)what are the sources which you have connected?
for the current project in the yale we have connected with sql data base
we have connected using import mode, apart from this also i have good experience
in loading data sources like csv, excel,
3)what is the difference between import mode and direct query mode?
both try to access data
important feauter of import mode is, power bi has some storage space
4)as a power bi developer which phases you have worked?
in current project i was only a a power bi developer, i got a lot of oppourtunirs to work end to end
our client didnt give actual data, he just gives us requirments, based on the requirments, i have to check data
we need to pull out the right tables,this was actually a bit challenging, once i have bring the data into power query
a lot of transformations have to be done like text transformation,column transformation,day transformations, 
number transformations , then comming to the charts, iam specilist in adding charts, which data requires which chart
like pie chart, donut chatrr,cards, multi cards, after that comming to the servvice level, i was the  only person who
has given premium access, so i was able to publish the report, i was able to create rls, i was able to setup shedules
this is how i have experirnce in all the phases of power bi. 
5)this year sales i have to compare with last year for the same duriation? which time intelligent function can i use..
there are many ways to do it, beacuse in dax we have 1400 dax functions, you can write with multiple ways,your requirment last year
same period last year is the function, which ever the period you have selected this year,the same period you are getting for the last year
6)have you worked with sum and sumx functions?
yes , sum and sumx function yeah, ican all it as x function , what exactly the difference is,like
you want to total sales,lke every cloum you have sales data,to get total sales yo[u just
need to rite sum of sales,this is a normal function, i can call it as column level function.




2)do you know what is ssrs?
basically ssrs meas sql server reporting services, it is a website that host webbased report
a) right now i am working in zenzar technologues,which is one of the reputed organization in banglore
and my designiation is data analyst, my entire work is analysisng the data, so to analyise the data i perform